How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It helps highlight the location of any changes made to the code.
Thus, by reducing your focus to the locations of change, you are more easily able to 
scan for errors. 


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Well, if you're having trouble getting a program to run after trying to apply some changes,
it might be a better idea to revert back to a working copy and start over. Without version
control though, this will not be possible (Or at least, not easy). 



What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

You can control the checkpoints of your code, so you can pick up right before/after a big 
change. If saving is automatic, it might put you between changes that make it difficult
to resume your work exactly in the middle of the minutia. 


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in 
one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because with code projects its difficult to make a blanket statement about how many files
are attached to the same project, so its better to let user decide. Similarly, google docs
are likely to be used as a single document, without accompanying material. 


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git Log can be used for a high level approach to figuring out what commits where made and
when, whereas git diff can be useful for a more fine-grained comparison between two commits.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Having a safety net can let a programmer be more aggressive in their design changes as they 
experiment with possible bug fixes, as they know if they ever get into a situation where 
something isn't running, they can revert to a working version. 


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Getting up to snuff so that I can continue with my education :D #nerding